Course 1: Guided Tour of ML in Finance
	Module 1:
		Quiz 1: 
		
		1. Data Science uses statistics and ML to monetize information in data.
			Wrong: Machine Intelligence aims at a symbiosis of AI and human intelligence.
			Machine Learning (ML) is a sub-field of AI that teaches computers to perform tasks from experience.
			Artificial Intelligence (AI) deals with machines that achieve a human-level performance at specific tasks such as face or speech recognition, machine translation, credit approvals, etc.
			
		2. A rational AI agent should select actions that are expected to maximize its performance measure.
			AI studies intelligent agents that perceive their environment and perform actions to solve tasks that involve mimicking cognitive functions of humans.
			AI agents can perceive a physical environment in real time via sensors, or by reading digital data collected from an environment.
			
		3. The goal of learning is the ability to generalize from data.
		4. Machine Learning deals with both probabilistic and non-probabilistic methods.
			Scalability of Machine Learning methods is often a major concern in industrial applications.
			
		5. Reinforcement Learning is in a sense an intermediate case between Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, as some feedback about right actions is available, but it is incomplete.
			Most of available data for Machine Learning is unsupervised data.
			
		6. The difference between (direct) Reinforcement Learning and Inverse Reinforcement Learning is that in the latter case, there is no information about rewards received by the agent.
			Clustering could also be thought as a special type of Representation Learning when the output space is a discrete set.
			Both clustering and classification construct a map of a multi-dimensional input vector onto a discrete set of labels. The only difference is that for classification, there are class labels that make the problem an example of Supervised Learning, while clustering is an example of Unsupervised Learning.
			
		7. All types of Machine Learning algorithms can be implemented via neural networks, hence they offer a universal framework.
		8. Reinforcement Learning is a suitable framework for portfolio optimization, even though it can also be done with Supervised Learning using some pre-specified models of the world.
			Modeling corporate defaults is an exercise in Unsupervised Learning because we do not know the future.
		
		9. In Finance, expectations regarding the future are sometimes embedded in perception of today’s environment. If this future is influenced by actions of rational agents, Reinforcement Learning might be an appropriate framework.
		10. Financial data is typically non-stationary.
			In Finance, relevant data is often of a medium-to-large size.
			The noise-to-signal ratio is typically higher for Financial data than for data used in Tech applications.
			
	Module 2:
		Quiz 1:
		1. The statement that no single Machine Learning model can be universally better than all other models on all domains.
			The No Free Lunch theorem states that all classification algorithm have exactly the same out-of-sample error rate when averaged over all possible data.
		
		2. Try to bound somehow the values of model parameters, so the model outputs would vary less with a variation of the input data.
		3. Over-fitting leads to small in-sample errors, but large out-of-sample errors.
			Under-fitting is characterized by a high bias and a low variance.
			
		4. The square of the projection matrix is equal to the matrix itself.
			The projection, or “hat” matrix projects the dependent variable in regression onto the predicted variable.
			The projection matrix can be written as H = X X+ , where X is the Moore-Penrose matrix pseudo-inverse
			
		5. None of the above.
		
	Module 3:
		Quiz 1:	
		1. Logistic regression can be viewed as a Neural Network with just one sigmoid neuron.
			Linear Regression can be viewed as a Neural Network with just one “linear neuron” (a node with a linear activation function).
			Deep Neural Networks are obtained when there are more than two hidden layers.
			
		2. A good choice of the learning rate is important: if the learning rate is too small, it takes long for the algorithm to converge, but it if it too high, the algorithm may diverge.
			Gradient Descent has one free parameter called the learning rate.
			Making the learning rate variable (larger initially in the training, and smaller as the training progresses) may accelerate ML algorithms.
			
		3. Stochastic Gradient Descent attempts at a direct minimization of the generalization error, by producing samples from a data generating distribution in the form of mini-batches.
		4. This is because the derivative by x of x squared equals 2x.
		
	Module 4:
		Quiz 1:
		1. Quantitative Analysis deals with probabilistic models that predict performance of securities and portfolios using pricing (market) data, as well as other data such as macro-economic data.
			All types of Equity Analysis can be formulated in Machine Learning terms as problems of Regression, Classification, or density estimation.
		2. Gross Margin is equal to Sales minus Cost of Goods Sold (COGS).
			There are three major categories of features for Value investing: Profitability, Leverage/Liquidity, and Operating Efficiency.
		3. The Evidence in Bayesian probability is the denominator in the Bayes’ rule. As it does not depend on Theta, it should not matter if all we want to do is to find the best value of Theta.
		4. Minimization of the negative log-likelihood function within the MLE method is equivalent to minimization of the KL-divergence between the data and model distributions.
			Linear Regression with a MSE error is equivalent to a Linear Probabilistic model with a constant Gaussian noise.
			The KL-divergence is a measure of dissimilarity between two distributions. It is always non-negative, and is equal zero if p1(x) = p2(x)
		5. None is correct.
		6. The FDIC Call Report data is freely available to the public.
			The FDIC assigns CAMELS ratings to all banks, and charges them insurance premia that depend on the assigned CAMELS rating.
			The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) provides insurance for deposits at US-based commercial banks.
		7. In the Merton model, there is only one “predictor” d2 that depends only on the asset-to-debt ratio and asset volatility, but not on other balance sheet or income statement variables.
			Financial institutions are more difficult to model than corporations because they have a higher leverage and a more complex debt structure.
			
			It arises because node n4 multiplies x by itself. Differentiation with respect to the first x gives the second x , but we can also differentiate the second x , which will produce the first x .
		
		5. The Backpropagation algorithm for Neural Networks amounts to Gradient Descent applied to a train error, with a reverse-mode autodiff for a recursive calculation of all derivatives.
		 